Support `cwd` as well as the base for file paths to integrate with ALKiP changes, (#1048)
plocket/docassemble-cucumber: docs/016_root_path_2026_04_09.md

# Root path

> This code assumes the current root directory will contain the necessary files and folders to get files like `.feature` files and the test run runtime config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code assumes the current working directory (cwd) will contain the necessary files and folders to get files like `.feature` files and the test run runtime config file.
```

Might just be me, but "root directory" only makes sense in the context of a docassemble package / a GitHub repo, or the current working dir (cwd); without that context, I confuse it with `/`, which is also called the root directory.
